This is a list of the features that I plan on adding to this app. 
Here are the ones I am currently strongly considering:
1. I plan on allowing word definitions to be exported to flashcard decks (done)
2. I plan on allowing promtps, models, and timeouts to be configurable (Done)
3. Adding follow ups to the grammar explanations to allow the user to explore specific points (Done)
4. The ability to edit flashcards after they are created without recreating them (done)
5. Batch processing for word explanations (done)
6. Sort and filter options for words and phrases (done)
7. I might need some universal vocabulary tracker that tracks the words (question) in the flashcards so the user can know if they want to add the words suggested by the model/words they are inputting or know if they already have them in their flashcards (done)
8. I might try to add quiz features
9. example sentence generation based on grammar patterns (after grammar book is added)
10. Perhaps I can even give the LLMs tool use and allow them to look up what one should know for specific exams for various languages could be
11. Ability to import and export flashcard decks (done)
11a. Cross compatibility with Anki
12. Keyboard shortcuts
13. Visualizations of the statistics and progress
14. Images, Audio, and other media support for flashcards
15. UI localization if other people end up using it and it might be useful to publish
16. UI options such as dark mode
17. Chat that allows the user to interact with the LLMs in the language they are language_learning_tools
17a. The main window of this chat will allow the user to type in the language they are learning and the LLM will respond in that language
17b. The chat function will also have the LLM to generate other things such as explanations of mistakes the user made in their writing.
17c. The LLM can also generate flashcards based on hard words that are present in what it says in the chat.
17d. The LLM can also add grammar patterns and study words/sentences to the database based on what it says in the chat.
17e. The chats with the LLM should be saved so that they can be reviewed later or expanded on later.
17f. The chat function should allow the user to select which LLM to use.
18. A writing grader that can grade the user's writing, provide feedback, and suggest new vocabulary and grammar that they could learn. (done)
18a. The writing grader should allow the user to select which LLM to use. (done)
18b. The writing grader should allow the user to select which language to use. (done)
18c. The writing grader could allow for the user to give background information about the writing. (done)
18d. Alternatively, the LLM could generate a situation for the user to write about. (done)
18e. The writing grader can give feedback on the vocabulary that were used or that could be beneficial to the user which can be used to generate flashcards or sent to words to study. (done)
18f. Likewise, for grammar patterns, the LLM can explain grammar patterns that were misused or that could be beneficial to the user's writing and send them to the grammar book. (done)
18g. Just a clarification, that means that the LLM should be encouraged to suggest new vocabulary and grammar patterns to the user so the user can learn them. (done)
18h. The writing grader can also just give ways to phrase the writing in a better way, or more general feedback even if it doesn't necessarily imply new words or a specific new grammatical pattern for the user. (done)
18i. The user can also select whether they want to have the LLM talk about cultural context that could be good for the user. (done)
19. Test exams for students studying for a language exam generated by the LLM.
19a. The test exams should allow the user to select the language and their proficiency level in that language.
19b. The test exams should allow the user to select the type of exam they are studying for.
19c. The test exams could allow the user to select the specific topics they want to study for the exam or specific weak points they want to focus on.
19d. The test exams should allow the user to select the number of questions they want to answer.
19e. The test exams should allow the user to select the time limit they want to have for the exam.
20. Separation by language the user is studying for items in the study center. This would allow the user to separate out items for different languages and stay organized if they are learning multiple languages.
21. Add contextual example sentences to AI-suggested vocabulary items (Related Items tab) to help with in-context learning.





There are some longer-term ideas that I might look into. 
This is a list intended to just be a place to keep track of them and not necessarily ones that I would work on in the forseeable future.
- An option to use a custom dictionary that can look up words without relying on the LLM
- An option to use api-based LLMs
- Gamification features
- A much better UI that is built on something better than TKinter
- Cloud storage for everything. Possibly using a service like Google Drive
- (if I use some audio models) Pronunciation practice 
- listening features